README.md, before:

# TailAdmin React - Free React Tailwind Admin Dashboard Template

TailAdmin is a free and open-source admin dashboard template built on **React and Tailwind CSS**, providing developers with everything they need to create a comprehensive, data-driven back-end, 
dashboard, or admin panel solution for upcoming web projects.

[![tailwind react admin template](https://ucarecdn.com/d2a6daed-eb9c-4c2f-8a95-4419c450e23a/tailadminreact.jpg)](https://react-demo.tailadmin.com/)


With TailAdmin, you get access to all the necessary dashboard UI components, elements, and pages required to build a feature-rich and complete dashboard or admin panel. Whether you're building dashboard or admin panel for a complex web application or a simple website, TailAdmin is the perfect solution to help you get up and running quickly.

### [✨ Visit Website](https://tailadmin.com/)

### [🚀 PRO Demo](https://react-demo.tailadmin.com/)
### [🚀 FREE Demo](https://free-react-demo.tailadmin.com/)

### TailAdmin React PRO vs TailAdmin React FREE Comparison 📊

#### [TailAdmin React PRO](https://react-demo.tailadmin.com/)
- 5 Unique Dashboards: Analytics, Ecommerce, Marketing, and CRM (More will be added)
- 120+ Dashboard UI Components
- 200+ Total UI Elements
- 45+ HTML Files
- All Essential Elements and Files
- Full Figma Design Source - As Shown on Demo

___

#### [TailAdmin React FREE](https://free-react-demo.tailadmin.com/)
- 1 Unique Dashboard
- 30+ Dashboard UI Components
- 50+ Total UI Elements 
- 10+ HTML Files
- TypeScript Support
- Basic UI Kit Elements and Files
- Figma Design Source - Free Sample
___

### [⬇️ Download Now](https://tailadmin.com/download)

### [⚡ Get PRO Version](https://tailadmin.com/pricing)

### [📄 Documentation/Installation](https://tailadmin.com/docs)

### [🖌️ TailAdmin Figma Free Sample](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1214477970819985778)

### [👉 TailAdmin HTML Version](https://github.com/TailAdmin/tailadmin-free-tailwind-dashboard-template)

TailAdmin React dashboard template based on Tailwind CSS is a pre-designed starting point for building a web-based dashboard using the React JavaScript library and the Tailwind CSS utility-first framework. This Tailwind CSS + React Dashboard Template - built using Tailwind CSS and **includes pre-built components, such as navigation menus, charts, tables, and forms, which can be easily customized and integrated into a small-to-large React web application**.

If you're looking for a high-quality **React-Tailwind Dashboard, Admin Panel Template, or UI Kit**, TailAdmin will be the perfect choice for you!

## TailAdmin React - Installation

You'll need to install Node.js >=v14.16+ (Recommended Version) (NPM comes along with it) and TailAdmin uses **Vite** for frontend tooling, to peform installation and building production version, please follow these steps from below:

- Use terminal and navigate to the project (tailadmin-react) root.

- Then run : <code>npm install</code>

- Then run : <code>npm run dev</code>

Now, in the browser go to <code>localhost:5173</code>

**For Production Build**
Run : <code>npm run build</code>

Default build output directory: /dist

This command will generate a dist as build folder in the root of your template that you can upload to your server.

## Tons of React Tailwind Components for Dashboard
React and Tailwind are two popular technologies that have taken the web development world by storm. React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces, while Tailwind is a utility-first CSS framework that makes it easy to style web applications. TailAdmin React Offers 200+ Essential React + Tailwind CSS UI Components that you copy-paste and use with your dashboard projects. That includes - charts, graphs, navbars, tabs, buttons, cards, tables, profile, tabs, forms, modals, app pages, calender, web apps example templates and more... for React and Styled using Tailwind CSS



## Update Logs

### Version 1.3.7 - [June 20, 2024]

#### Enhancements

- **Enhancement 01:** Remove Repetition of DefaultLayout in every Pages
- **Enhancement 02:** Add ClickOutside Component for reduce repeated functionality in Header Message, Notification and User Dropdowns.

### Version 1.3.6 - [Jan 31, 2024]

#### Enhancements

- **Enhancement 01:** Integrate flatpickr in [Date Picker/Form Elements]
- **Enhancement 02:** Change color after select an option [Select Element/Form Elements].
- **Enhancement 03:** Make it functional [Multiselect Dropdown/Form Elements].
- **Enhancement 04:** Make best value editable [Pricing Table One/Pricing Table].
- **Enhancement 05:** Rearrange Folder structure.

### Version 1.2.0 - [Apr 28, 2023]

- Add Typescript in TailAdmin React.

### Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release - [Mar 13, 2023]

- Initial release of TailAdmin React.

Commit message:

Update project branding from TailAdmin to Larecta
- Changed copyright information in LICENSE.md.
- Updated project name and author details in package.json and package-lock.json.
- Added sweetalert2 dependency to package.json and package-lock.json.
- Revised README.md to reflect new branding, including project name, URLs, and demo links.

README.md, after:

# Larecta React - Free React Tailwind Admin Dashboard Template

Larecta is a free and open-source admin dashboard template built on **React and Tailwind CSS**, providing developers with everything they need to create a comprehensive, data-driven back-end, 
dashboard, or admin panel solution for upcoming web projects.

[![tailwind react admin template](https://ucarecdn.com/d2a6daed-eb9c-4c2f-8a95-4419c450e23a/Larectareact.jpg)](https://react-demo.Larecta.com/)


With Larecta, you get access to all the necessary dashboard UI components, elements, and pages required to build a feature-rich and complete dashboard or admin panel. Whether you're building dashboard or admin panel for a complex web application or a simple website, Larecta is the perfect solution to help you get up and running quickly.

### [✨ Visit Website](https://Larecta.com/)

### [🚀 PRO Demo](https://react-demo.Larecta.com/)
### [🚀 FREE Demo](https://free-react-demo.Larecta.com/)

### Larecta React PRO vs Larecta React FREE Comparison 📊

#### [Larecta React PRO](https://react-demo.Larecta.com/)
- 5 Unique Dashboards: Analytics, Ecommerce, Marketing, and CRM (More will be added)
- 120+ Dashboard UI Components
- 200+ Total UI Elements
- 45+ HTML Files
- All Essential Elements and Files
- Full Figma Design Source - As Shown on Demo

___

#### [Larecta React FREE](https://free-react-demo.Larecta.com/)
- 1 Unique Dashboard
- 30+ Dashboard UI Components
- 50+ Total UI Elements 
- 10+ HTML Files
- TypeScript Support
- Basic UI Kit Elements and Files
- Figma Design Source - Free Sample
___

### [⬇️ Download Now](https://Larecta.com/download)

### [⚡ Get PRO Version](https://Larecta.com/pricing)

### [📄 Documentation/Installation](https://Larecta.com/docs)

### [🖌️ Larecta Figma Free Sample](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1214477970819985778)

### [👉 Larecta HTML Version](https://github.com/Larecta/Larecta-free-tailwind-dashboard-template)

Larecta React dashboard template based on Tailwind CSS is a pre-designed starting point for building a web-based dashboard using the React JavaScript library and the Tailwind CSS utility-first framework. This Tailwind CSS + React Dashboard Template - built using Tailwind CSS and **includes pre-built components, such as navigation menus, charts, tables, and forms, which can be easily customized and integrated into a small-to-large React web application**.

If you're looking for a high-quality **React-Tailwind Dashboard, Admin Panel Template, or UI Kit**, Larecta will be the perfect choice for you!

## Larecta React - Installation

You'll need to install Node.js >=v14.16+ (Recommended Version) (NPM comes along with it) and Larecta uses **Vite** for frontend tooling, to peform installation and building production version, please follow these steps from below:

- Use terminal and navigate to the project (Larecta-react) root.

- Then run : <code>npm install</code>

- Then run : <code>npm run dev</code>

Now, in the browser go to <code>localhost:5173</code>

**For Production Build**
Run : <code>npm run build</code>

Default build output directory: /dist

This command will generate a dist as build folder in the root of your template that you can upload to your server.

## Tons of React Tailwind Components for Dashboard
React and Tailwind are two popular technologies that have taken the web development world by storm. React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces, while Tailwind is a utility-first CSS framework that makes it easy to style web applications. Larecta React Offers 200+ Essential React + Tailwind CSS UI Components that you copy-paste and use with your dashboard projects. That includes - charts, graphs, navbars, tabs, buttons, cards, tables, profile, tabs, forms, modals, app pages, calender, web apps example templates and more... for React and Styled using Tailwind CSS



## Update Logs

### Version 1.3.7 - [June 20, 2024]

#### Enhancements

- **Enhancement 01:** Remove Repetition of DefaultLayout in every Pages
- **Enhancement 02:** Add ClickOutside Component for reduce repeated functionality in Header Message, Notification and User Dropdowns.

### Version 1.3.6 - [Jan 31, 2024]

#### Enhancements

- **Enhancement 01:** Integrate flatpickr in [Date Picker/Form Elements]
- **Enhancement 02:** Change color after select an option [Select Element/Form Elements].
- **Enhancement 03:** Make it functional [Multiselect Dropdown/Form Elements].
- **Enhancement 04:** Make best value editable [Pricing Table One/Pricing Table].
- **Enhancement 05:** Rearrange Folder structure.

### Version 1.2.0 - [Apr 28, 2023]

- Add Typescript in Larecta React.

### Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release - [Mar 13, 2023]

- Initial release of Larecta React.
